To the Editor_
Dear Editor,
In response to the letter by
Agnes Moore in July 18 issue
of the Citizen’s Voice and
Times, first of all, we,are all
troubled over the brutal
murder of a young girl.
Criminal investigation
work is ‘a slow, drawn out pro-
cess. It does not happen in
real life as it'does on televi-
sion series.
Please consider the follow-
ing: (1) The murder in-
vestigation is being conducted
by the Kentucky State Police
Department. They are
responsible for the investiga-
tion and if they feel the need
to brief other officers, they
will do so; (2) The murder isa
high priority to everyone, in-
cluding myself as a citizen
and the mayor of the City of Ir-
vine, as well as the Irvine
Police Department, the Estill
County Sheriff's Department,
the Kentucky State Police
Department, and the citizens
of Irvine and Estill County.;
(8) The murder occured in
Estill*County, not the City of
Every bit and piece of infor- protect the people of the City
mation is passed onto the of ie.
Kentucky State Police 4% or anyone else has
Department. All effort is be- something they would like to
ing made to solve this Saygabout the Irvine Police
murder. We all grieve for the Department or any other
murdered girl's family, and ®ralich of our (the City of Ir-
-no stone is being left unturned gvine) government, or if you or.
in solving the murder; (4) anyone else has an idea of
‘The Irvine Police Department how we (the City of Irvine)
has worked a few ‘stake cam better serve our com-
out"’ as you call it, inaneffortto munity-and the people in it,
cut down on thefts. That is pléase feel free to contact the
also a part
of the officer’s job; City of Irvine Mayor's Office.
(5) Did it ever occur to you, __I checked the local records
Ms. Moore that the officer you and could not find an Agnes
spoke with may not have Moore at Star Route or any
known what he was talking other address in Estill Coun-
about, or that he may have or ty. 5 bea
had a personal “‘ax"’ to grind Leon Roberts, Mayor -
against someone and possibly City of Irvine, Kentucky
is not man enough to stand up.
No police department is Dear Editor,
perfect and all police depart-.» The article that appeared in
ments have problems at one the Citizen Voice and Times
time or another including the (To The Editor) on July 18
City of Irvine. Currently, all was not written by Agnes
but two (2) of Irvine’s police ygoore at Sand Hill.
officers have been certified Thank You,
and trained through tke Agnes Moore .
Department of Training &t Route 2
‘Eastern Kentucky Unversity. Irvine, KY,
Irvine. If you had had your in- Every effort is being made to
information correct, you help those two (2) officers to ~
would have found that our become certified and trained ~~
(the City of Irvine) Police through EKU as all of the
Department assisted the other officers have been. It is
Estill County Sheriff's not up toone (1) police officer
Department and the Ken- to set the priorities. The
tucky State Police Depart- priority of the Irvine Police
ment
in the said investigation, Department is to serve and
Editor’s note: When s0-
meone submits a signed letter
tothe editor, we assume that
the letter is from that person.
We have no way of knowing
if
it isn’t, We aren’t omniscient.
