“Sound Off 723-7272
Thursday, April 24,1986 Citizen Bai
Sound Off
If the police are constantly
, terrorizing a child and
threatening that he is going to
take that child to jail)-How
can that child believe that the
police are his friend? I thing it
is good to teach a child to
obey the law, but I think some
« people can take things too far.
£ Sound Off
‘There are two kinds of people
I enjoy the country
preacher's column, him and
his wife. They really love peo-
ple and really want to see peo-
ple saved. I think it is wonder-
ful that they'g6 to the jailand
try to help the prisoners. Who
elée-in Estill County tries to
help the prisoners?
Sound Off
I w6uld like to express my ap-
preciation to two doctors, Dr.
Patterson and Dr. Terry, for
-having the human knowledge
Sound Off , to not want to force people to
1 want to thank the mayor’ nook on to the sewer line in
and city council for putting
a: southgrvine, West Irvine and
50 percent increase taxon the “wisemantown communities.
in this ‘world: winners and
* whiners. 4
water. It sure makes it hard By the time they pay the job.
for people on fixed incomes.
tilties, in-
Sound Off already increased utilties, in.
surance, medicine, food,
Beginning yext week, the Citizen Voice & Times will
change the fo: it of the Sound Off Column.
We wish to continue to provide a forum by which
readefs can voice their views about issues which they feel
affect them. We also wish to enable our readers to ask
questions about those issues, and receive answers.
However, we feel that under the current format these
goals are not being accomplished.
Next Thursday will begin our Sound Off Question of the
‘Week. At the beginning of the column, we will pose a ques-
tion to which we will accept calls in response for publica-
tion the following week.
Those responses’ will be edited and published, with
discretion given*to improper langudge and the use of
names or identification of private individuals.
Ifa caller does not wish to answer the Question of the
Week, he or she may ask another question. If their ques-
tion is one we can answer, we will make every effort to do
80 the following week.
Comments offered which are not in answer to the Ques-
tion of the Week will not be published. However, comments
on other isstiés are encouraged if they may be considered
newsworthy. If such is the case, we will investigate. Please
provide as much information as possible so that we will
know where to begin our research. If research leads us toa
story which we deem newsworthy, such a story will be
published.
Sound Off comments are not necessarily the views of
this newspaper. These comments are published in an effort
to allow all views to be aired, whether we agree or not.
housing and clothing. Let’s
ask Judge’ McClanahan to
bow his head and pray that
God will take away his foresight
and thinking that he can force
people fhat they can do
something that they personal-
y know that they cannot af-
‘ord.
* Sound Off
T like John Nelson's articles
and think they are really neat.
Keep up the good work. John.
Sound Off
I would like to extend con-
gratulations to Estill County
Patriot 'Band on the band
competition. You did a great
Sound Off
It is with awe and a great
deal of respect that I salute
these young people for their
accomplishments both on and
off the floor. And I thank
them for all the hard work
they've endured to bring us
an exciting and fun-filled year
of basketball.
Sound Off
I think you should put the
baseball players in the Plus
for Player of the Week.
Sound Off
The janitors are fine workers,
and do an excellent job at
keeping the school clean. The
lady, can always be counted
on ¢té@melp the kids and
teachers, ~and is a honest
faithful person who can be
counte, on to do her work.
whee’ said ‘‘All work and
no*play makes jack a dull
bap" Goesn’t know what they
are talking about. There is
nothing dull about someone
taking time and helping other
people, and Estill County
would be a better place if we
had more people like her and
him. They ought to be com-
mended in the faithfulness
and work. Keep it up janitors,
you are good people.
_Winners in the Estil County 4-H Demonstration Contest are: (front) Karen
vine Elementary; Kendra Richardson. Irvine Elementary; (ack) Shawna Wils
Schoot Regina Turpin Esti Middle Schoot and Pam Bishop, Irvine Elementan,
is champion Kyle Holbrook. West Irvine Eiementary.
Winners in the Estill County 4-H TV. Showcase are Karen Richardson. /
‘Brady Crowe for their dance act caled “Rock Around the Fifties.”
